what makes my leadership style unique is I'd trying do my best to relate
to the individual that I'm working with the people that I'm leading
one thing that I've learned is that you know all never ask somebody
to do something that I haven't myself already done or be willing
to do I try and value everybody's opinion from the most junior person
in the platoon you know up to my my peers and leaders as well I find
that also setting realistic goals is important element that's got
me through a lot of troubling times and if we're working towards a
larger goal you've got to kind of have those steps to get to that large
goal setting those realistic ones kind of helps build that team
morale build that unit cohesion eventually entire team is is capable
of achieving a lot more than they originally thought they could because
you've been fostering this kind of culture the entire time